PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy sets forth how personal information is collected and used, that is provided on Internet Web site located at www.acorns.com and the associated mobile application known as "Acorns" as owned and operated by Acorns Grow Inc. (d/b/a Acorns). By using Acorns.com you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Acorns Privacy and Security Policy, as they may be amended from time to time in the future (see "Change to this Policy" below).

Acorns Grow, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the Internet Web site, http://www.acorns.com and the Acorns mobile app.

TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy Trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at info@acorns.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.

Acorns is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users. This Privacy & Security Policy explains how we protect personal information provided through our website www.acorns.com (the "Site") and how we use that information in connection with our service offered through the Site (the "Service"). "Personal information" for purposes of this Policy means information that identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, fax number or email address.

  Acorns stresses its privacy and security standards to guard against identity theft and provide security for your personal information. We regularly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new challenges.

Personal Information Collected
We collect the following personal information from you

Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
Financial Information such as bank or brokerage account numbers, types of investments
Social Security Number
Driver's License Number
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences
Health or Medical Information such as prescription information
We also collect the following information from you

Demographic information such as age, education, gender, interests and zip code
When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or "UDID"). We do not collect your location based information.

Information Sharing
Simply put, we do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time. Acorns uses and discloses your personal information only as follows:  

to analyze site usage and improve the Service; 
to deliver to you any administrative notices, money alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service; 
to fulfill your requests for certain products and services; 
for market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other criminal activity; 
to third-party contractors that provide services to Acorns and are bound by these same privacy restrictions; 
to enforce Acorns's Terms of Use; and  as otherwise set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy. 
In the event that you access the Service as brought to you by one of our co-brand partners, through a co-branded URL, your email address used for registration on the Service may be provided to that co-brand partner.

We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

If Acorns Grow, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

User Access and Choice
If the personal information on file for you changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing Customer Support.

We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us at the information below.

Cookies / Tracking Technologies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.

We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory.

If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.

The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.

We employ [or our third party advertising partner employs] a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.

Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number or financial information, on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, please contact us.

Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us on the information below.

Acorns Grow, Inc. 
4600 Campus Drive  
Suite 107  
Newport Beach CA 92660 
info@acorns.com